or antennae or wings stop
outside is precisely so that you can
secure the wire and no longer give us
space that now as it laments
then look here we already have a
patita so we're going to do it please
See the 8 and right now
ok friends here I finished my eight
arms ok then let's take one
please
our little body now what will
please do with both arms
together here we have our body what
let's go through the middle back
look like this
two
we are on the first line appointment that the
first all the tissues that I'm going to
say they are going to be in our front line
then we have it like that now of that
same corner as we just finished it
do with both arms please
let's go around exactly like
we finished our works of chaquira
I'm going to ask you for anything else that goes well
okay your little arm up so you do not
is going to be there a thing loose and that
is going to see there in pieces of wire
loose ok we will give it please
a little turn
with the two
and they
copper
Please turn to a third
our arm is well secured
notice that we are not crushing in a
chaquira
well tight, that's how we are left
ok and we cut the surplus
A) Yes
we already have our first arm
so please
we 're going to go with the 8 brazil in this
case for example when we stay in the
little arm
one stick higher than the other nothing
I ask you please do not look like that
I used them
that then now we go with the
next let's grab from across
have patience please is your first
time
Do it slowly do not despair
and look at me, it's costing me
my work to do it
First times
ahead in is costing work
miss it then what will I do
to take a little if they gave
yes it happened ok how good it cost me
work because that you saw that no
nothing else will cost you
work like this happens and without easy simple and
we are simply looking for a solution
without despairing without anguish
if you are a very desperate person and
you want everything to come out the first
this exercise has to serve
excellent to cultivate your patience
that our whole life is necessary ok
so
remember please do not stay here
hanging it so that the
chacritas
one turn
that are not the
we cut him
here we have the second little arm
the third
I'm wanting to teach you how to weave
the arms because something less would be
tell them aha and so will all of them
and then if you are doing it
They are going to tell me how I look at this
I'm going to skewer him from behind
please have as the goal has
I'm just going to jump back
in the river
please
and now
so it will be with the 8 little arms by
favor
I wanted to teach them well well how
do these so they do not fit the
least doubt hey I did not stay arm or
like right now that you notice with a
little bit of to be able to go putting
how do i look
do not despair we all pass
it's always simply a matter of
yes
those who calmly and we woke up ok
of all are more how long have I been
right now if they are fixed if
this octopus I was doing it
milestone and was not doing it
so calmly in a pulpit of
these tola winds in 10 12 minutes
I tell them if they plan to make them not
be memories or anything like that ok
then look there, that other one was left
little arm
So that's how we're going to go
as I already showed you the 8 brazil ok
already having the 8 little arms tucked in as
we see in this octopus that we already have
finished ok
As I told you, some of you are going to be
forward the others from behind ok ya
you give him movement because then
obviously here one is the effect but
good and you give him movement is what
good that it's wire
then if you give them the movement
that you like and come what beautiful
our points are left ok then they
I send a kiss, I hope there is
liked our octopus today
they liked porfa do not forget to like
because with that we can continue
making more videos do not forget
subscribe they have many more animals
marine and of all kinds and flowers too
of chaquira and you know everything else that
also here we teach ok
I send you a kiss and have very nice
late bye